Hi.
Let's continue.
So this is my cluster.
Let me click on that.
And under task, you can see we have 4 tasks.
And this time I have used dynamic port mapping.
So let me click any one of the tasks.
And these are the details here we have and click on the container instance.
And here we have got the IP of my EC2 instance.
So let me log into that system ssh -.
i,  this is my key gen EC2-user @ this IP.
So I'm able to access my system docker container ls.
So here we have got some output.
So here you can see we have 2 container running on this instance and this is the host port which has
been mapped to 80.
So randomly your system has given one port to your host machine that is your EC2 instance.
And that port has been mapped to port number 80 of one of their container.
Like this way we have another random port that is 49154 and which has been mapped to 80 of the another
container.
So let me go to the security group of my this EC2 instance.
And click on edit inbound rules add rule.
And here I'm going to add both the port 49154.
49153 and then save rules.
Now that's done coming back here.
And.
Exit.
And here I'm just using elinks and the IP of the system that is your this one 10 .0. 0.36 : and this
is the port host port.
So in simple words, the request is coming from the application load balancer and it will hit to the
host port on this 49153.
And then the request will forward to the specific container because your system knows that this particular
port has been mapped to which port of the container.
80 port of which container.
Let's see, I'm getting output, I'm getting some output perfect and same command.
But here I have to give the another port.
I'm getting some output instead of this port I'm giving any other port.
I will not get any output.
So I believe with this exercise you got the idea about dynamic port mapping.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.